Next we have AWS IoT Core
and IoT stands for "Internet of Things."
It's a network of internet-connected devices
that are able to collect and transfer data.
And so IoT Core allows you to easily connect IoT devices
into the AWS Cloud.
This is as much as new to remember.
So what is an IoT device?
Well, it could be for example, a connected car.
It could be a connected light.
It could be a connected fridge,
a connected whatever you want, really.
And with IoT core, you're able to connect these
for example connected cars into the cloud.
So with IoT core, these devices can exchange securely
and scalably billions
within billions of devices, trillions of messages.
So IoT Core can act as a pub-sub to allow these devices
to exchange messages and to communicate.
And your applications can even communicate
with your devices even when they're not connected.
There's also integration between IoT Core and AWS
as you would expect.
So you can use Lambda, Amazon is free,
SageMaker behind the scenes to really add value
to your IoT devices. And the whole suite of projects
within the IoT Core allows you to gather, process,
analyze and act on data that are created
by your IoT devices and therefore build IoT applications.
So that's it. I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.